[THEME MUSIC]
>> REGINA MEREDITH: You know,
I've known the Z's for quite
a few years.
And there were periods of time
where some of the stuff, they
did not really want to get into.
>> LEE HARRIS: More people are
waking up to what's going on.
I think that's why
the Zs are being
more transparent about some
of the control and corruption
agendas that we actually
are trapped within.
Where we're at right now,
I'm like, oh, this is
the beginning of that opening.
This is the very beginning of
that opening where the world
does become very different.
>> REGINA: Is there anything
that pops out at you that you
would have been hesitant to
share that you've been told?
>> HARRIS: Exit points are
periods of time in your life
where you and your soul have
the opportunity to take you off
planet.
You as a race simply
are not allowed
to be controlled on
levels of consciousness.
So we want you to remember
your power as a people.
>> REGINA: A few months
back, you may recall I did
an interview with Lee Harris
and the Z's on the topic
of what's coming up for
humanity over the next 100 years
and much more.
Today, Lee and the
Z's and I are going
to talk about equally
intriguing subjects,
such as our potential exit
points from this Earth life.
Did you know that there can be
as many as 100 opportunities
for a soul to leave the
Earth life within a lifetime?
I love that.
This is just one of the things.
Welcome, Lee.
>> HARRIS: Hi.
Good to see you.
>> REGINA: When I was reading
that in your new book,
I thought, I always thought
there were a few key points
with astrology and all that.
But we're going to get into this
because it's much more complex.
>> HARRIS: Yeah.
That was one of the
things that really hit me
when they first explained
that concept to me years ago.
And so it's come through
the work at various points,
but it really made a big
moment in the latest book.
>> REGINA: Yes, absolutely.
But before we do that.
First of all, last--
I thought we were smoking.
I mean, there's so
much good information
that came out in our last
interview, which is why we're
doing a quick encore to that.
But one of the things I
think I even said on set
and I reiterate reading
your newest book
is that I've known the
Z's for quite a few years.
And there are periods of time
where some of the stuff, they
did not really want to
get into in years past.
So tell me your
perception of what's
happened because they're
very much more revealing now
about what humanity is
up against than they
were even three, four,
five, six, seven years ago.
>> HARRIS: Yeah,
it's interesting.
I used to experience it that
their main focus and intent was
to open us and that that really
was the drive, which it still
is.
But I think a couple of
different things happened.
I had a personal experience
in 2019 in Costa Rica,
where I literally had an
awakening at a retreat center
where I was running a retreat.
And after that moment,
I literally heard,
now everything is serious.
>> REGINA: OK, so let's talk
about your experience that
happened that allowed
this to happen.
>> HARRIS: So we were running
a retreat in Costa Rica.
And we were on the
third or fourth day.
And one of our participants--
it was a morning off.
And one of our
participants actually
passed while he
was on his own time
on the beach with his wife.
So you can imagine that was
devastating for all of us
and shocking and
seemed very surreal.
But those of us who
were called to the beach
to work on his body, there was
someone working on his heart
and trying to get the
water out of his system.
There were other people
holding space doing Reiki.
And I was there.
And I thought,
well, what can I do?
And I spoke to him.
I spoke to his soul.
It took me a minute
to figure that out.
And he was just floating above
his body, orange, so happy.
And I was pleading with him
to come back to his body.
And then, I tried getting angry.
And you get down here,
your wife is here.
And he had been so happy
four hours earlier.
He'd seen me at breakfast.
And he'd come over to me.
And we'd done a sound healing
session the night before.
And he said, I realized I want
to leave the corporate world
and I want to go
into sound healing.
And he was in his early 60s.
So you can imagine what
that did to the group.
And it was his wife who was
the reason we carried on
because in the hours
afterwards, she said to me,
we're carrying on.
And I couldn't believe it
because I'm immediately
thinking, well, we have
to send everyone home
and there's no way
we can continue.
But we did.
So you can imagine
what that does
to a workshop of 88
people in Costa Rica.
>> REGINA: It puts
the reality in it.
>> HARRIS: Really did.
And the night
before, the Z's had
been saying, live today, live
and love your life boldly, make
sure you live in the moment
and be fully present.
And he died in the ocean.
He had a heart
attack in the ocean.
And that was his happy place.
And his wife said,
he couldn't have
been in a more magical
environment, which
she was incredible.
She was a real warrior and a
real teacher for so many of us.
So anyway, about
three days after this,
while holding the
group together,
I had a very powerful
experience where
I thought I was going to faint.
We were all in the restaurant.
And I literally could feel
my body was going to faint.
I'm like uh-oh, I'm
going to fall over,
I have to leave the table.
So you can imagine when you have
the whole place as your group,
I did not want to fall
over in front of the group.
I mean, if I did, I did.
But I didn't want to do that.
So I was very slowly
walking to the garden
where there was this massive
Buddha that I had been
communicating with all week.
I'd just go and stand by
him and I felt his energy.
And at that moment, I
literally had an experience
where I knew I had to lie
down, look up at the sky,
and it was the
last big awakening
experience of my life.
And it was suddenly just
feeling we're everything.
The rain that was
on the grass was me.
I wasn't me, I was
heart of the trees.
The Buddha was talking to me.
The Buddha was saying,
you can let go.
And whatever was leaving
my body, it was profound.
And for about 12 minutes, I
just felt completely connected
to everything and completely
not identified with myself.
And when I came back,
literally I heard,
now your work gets serious.
And it's not that
I didn't take--
I've always taken
my work seriously,
even though I have
a sense of humor.
But I felt that.
And that was November 2019.
And of course, what happened
four months later was profound.
>> REGINA: Things
got serious, COVID.
>> HARRIS: And so I'd often
thought I'd stop channeling
publicly.
I've gone through
that several times.
But I decided to kind
of commit to it again.
And I think that
coupled with what
we need right now in society
and that more people are
waking up to what's going on.
I think that's why
the Z's are being
more transparent about some
of the control and corruption
agendas that we actually are
trapped within, regardless
of your spiritual life.
>> REGINA: And we're
getting into that today.
Because I found this
with my own group
of beings and other channelers
who have groups of beings.
Most did not want to get
into that until something
happened in recent times.
And they're just
starting to tiptoe in.
But the Z's are going for it.
They're actually going ahead
and explaining what's happened.
Not faces and
names, we don't need
that in terms of
what's controlling us,
but the nature of
what's going on.
And you're right.
It's time that we
start understanding
the seas we're swimming
in because it's all
been kept from us.
>> HARRIS: And I have noticed as
a channeler publicly for almost
19 years, I'm always struck by
what I will hear them saying
to a group as information about
what the group is ready for.
When I used to do
one on ones, I could
tell where the person was at
depending on how far they'd go.
So the fact that the
Z's keep coming out
with this stuff and the fact
that they are weaving it
through this book series
that Diana Edwards and I are
creating tells me a lot
about the level of awareness
that is rising on
the planet around it.
>> REGINA: That they can
speak publicly in this way.
Absolutely.
So on that same topic,
before we go to the Z's, I
wanted to ask you--
you hear things all
the time and you're
giving information privately.
And we have a pretty
savvy audience
that's watching right now.
Is there anything
that pops out at you
that you would have been
hesitant to share that you've
been told before these times
arrived that you feel is
appropriate for the times now?
>> HARRIS: They alluded many
years ago to me that when I was
in my 60s that one of my
roles would be around peace,
and around peace not just
on Earth, but universally.
And so if I look at that on
a timeline now, I'm about--
we're about 14 years away
from that period of time.
So when they gave
me that information,
it was a decade ago.
>> REGINA: What did you
take that to mean literally?
>> HARRIS: It was slightly
science fiction to me,
in a way, because it
seemed so far away.
But what I was shown
or what I understood
was that the Earth was
no longer just the Earth.
There was an
actualized experience
that we are part of a
universe and that there
are other beings and
other races and there
are multiple things going on.
And they said, you
will be one of many
who are a peace ambassador.
Now, of course, I didn't
assume that means I wear a robe
and I give talks.
Because as we know, some
of the most important peace
ambassadors we have on
the planet are not public.
But I found it very
interesting that that
was where we were heading.
And so as little
bits of information
would start to come
to me or be brought
to me by certain
friends, people tell
me things, which is helpful.
They'll go, oh,
I just heard this
from this person I
know who works here,
and this is what I heard.
And so it kind of
started to give me
a sense that where we're
at right now, I'm like,
oh, this is the beginning
of that opening.
This is the very beginning of
that opening where the world
does become very different.
>> REGINA: OK, are you ready
to let the Z's come through?
>> HARRIS: Totally.
Let me just have
a little of this.
>> REGINA: OK.
>> HARRIS: Good a pleasure
to be back with you in this
conversation.
And we will say to you before we
go into the many curated areas
you wish to take us that one
message for all, which relates
to what you were just
speaking to Lee about,
is that the main focus that
you must hold at this time,
regardless of how you feel about
what you see going on Earth
or what distresses
you or what seems
a little alarming or
unknown to you is love
and power are the energies that
you have been, we will say,
disconnected from.
And this passage of time
that you are going through--
which is quite,
we would call it,
trial and tribulation
in many ways--
is designed to help you unlock
to your own love and power.
These are incredible
frequencies.
And your embodied power
is when your life force
can radiate and radiate
not just in a way that
serves you, but also
serves those around you.
So we would like to put
that out there up front,
that love and power is what
you are reconnecting with.
But it often requires wrestling
with the shadows on Earth,
wrestling with the shadows
within your systems on Earth,
and, of course, the shadows that
come up inside you for clearing
from this specific time
you incarnated into
and the timelines
of Earth's history
that you both interact with
the minute you are born
and that many of you
have soul memories
of from prior lifetimes.
>> REGINA: Thank you for that.
And that's a perfect
entree into the first thing
I was going to ask you about,
which I assume you know.
And that has to do with, you
have become very forthcoming
in the work that is
being released now
through these newest
books, his book series,
"Conversations with
the Z's" are much more
forthcoming about the stressors
and influences upon Earth,
which you just alluded to.
And I think people are very
curious to know how that works,
when it was put in place,
why it was put in place,
and what the purpose was for
having put these restrictions
in terms of our
experiencing our full love
and power, our full mind,
our full everything-- almost
like a governor to
slow a car down.
Can you tell us all
about that, please?
>> HARRIS: Yes and no.
We cannot tell you
all about that,
for you would truly need to
devote an hour to it in order
to make sure that the nuances
are discovered because even
with a group such
as yours, Regina,
those who align with you and
what you say and what you do,
this is triggering information.
And we don't even mean
emotionally or psychologically.
So we understand
that many of you
will say, well, I already
know a lot of this.
But understand, this energy
that has been, we will say,
woven into your planet to keep
you all contained and limited
and underneath far
more of a gravity belt
than your actual soul
is designed to be,
when it gets, shall we
say, rumbled or activated--
when it gets near to the
idea that more is possible
or it starts to understand
the level of suppression,
it doesn't help your system.
So it has to be done
in a very delicate way
because your systems are
what the future needs.
You each individually have
inside you, yes, the memory
and the remembrance that
as a soul, you are vast
and that when you return
to the soul realms,
you reenact with that vastness.
But you all know very well
that in many cases, those
who tune in to you--
and for example,
you and Lee are
among this group.
Many of you have parachuted
to Earth at this time
to raise the frequency.
And again, we will
use this word,
but you are involved in
a historic galactic war.
And that is what is
playing out on Earth.
Now, if you were to
tell someone on Earth
that, even someone who
has a knowledge of it,
their first thought
can be to go into fear.
And the fear is historic.
We are not saying that the most
educated person cannot somewhat
remove themselves from the
emotionalism that that word
brings up.
But that is why we say there is
a limit to how much information
we can give you in small doses.
We will at some point do a
deeper dive on all of this.
But at this point
in time, for us
to end our role on Earth
and our contract with Earth,
it is important for
us to keep, shall
we say, empowering the soldiers,
rather than giving the soldiers
an educational history.
There are others on
Earth who do that.
But to answer your
question in short,
what you have to understand
is that Earth is not a place.
Many think of it
as a fixed planet.
Many think of the human
race as a fixed race.
You are all composites.
Earth itself is a
composite of other spheres
of reality, the energy of other
planets in historic times.
And it was decided that Earth
could be what we would call
or what you might
understand as a safe place
in the universe, which is the
other side of this equation.
Many of you look at what
you see going on Earth
and you do not feel safe.
And yet, we'll tell you
that Earth is a safe place
in the universe right now.
There have been many places
throughout the universe
that you would not have
wanted to be nor would
life have been
allowed to sustain.
But there is a, shall we say,
war going on inside the Earth
itself that has been going on
for tens of thousands of years.
And it is becoming,
shall we say, harder
for that battle
to maintain itself
as the consciousness of
the planet is rising.
So that war is dying off.
That doesn't mean war as
an energy on the planet
will die off completely
at this point.
It simply means
that it will change.
And so that is
why so many of you
are beginning to see what
Lee would refer to as
the corruption in your systems.
And you are a little more
equipped to be able to see it.
And there are good days and
bad days around this seeing.
There are days
where you are seeing
that people or events or
systems are being exposed
and the public are beginning
to see it and know it
and certain measures are
taken to either quarantine
that area or those people
or remove that corruption.
But of course,
then the next day,
you hear of or see another one.
That is because you are going
through an asteroid field
where the war on Earth is
not only surfacing in a way
that it has never surfaced in
any of your multiple lifetimes,
those of you who have incarnated
here five or six times
recently, but more
importantly, it
is moving towards the
galactic center point.
So you are going to see as a
planet more Galactic awareness;
contact; and, we will say,
merging in the decades to come.
>> REGINA: Thank you.
Thank you for that.
One of the things that's
happening as a result of this
is people are feeling
on an unconscious level
the need to throw off
these shackles, regardless
of who placed them there,
where they're from,
and how long they've been.
We feel this resistance where
we're starting to buck against,
which is causing an extreme
rise in anger on the planet.
And so my question to
you is, oftentimes anger
is a catalyst toward action.
Is there-- what would be
the proper relationship
to the anger stemming from
feelings of unfairness?
What would be maybe the most
positive way in which we
can use those feelings?
>> HARRIS: Well, we will say
there are two ways of looking
at this.
There are those who do not,
we will say, as yet understand
their feelings.
And there are those who do.
So the group who don't yet
understand their feelings, who
believe that anger
is what they become,
they are so convinced that their
anger is now their personality,
they don't tend to do so well.
They either lash
out, take revenge,
behave in bombastic
or inflated ways,
because they do not realize
anger is driving their car.
Whereas there are those who
are aware of their emotions
and have some understanding
that the emotional system is
a field of movement that
moves through you and that
your relationship to
it and awareness of it
is something that you must
be mindful of in order
to be a whole integrated being.
So that group can use
anger as a wonderful signal
that something needs to change.
Anger is often a boundary.
You might get near somebody that
you do not feel aligned with.
And you start to feel
a little agitated,
irritated, or frustrated.
Now, if you can
truly notice that,
you will see that
that's your signal
to move away from this person.
This is not your place.
It's not either that
you have to judge
this person for who they are.
Don't get into all of
that old human stuff.
Just move away.
But in the case that
you are bringing up
of people getting
angry, their anger
is coming because they
are recognizing they are
being suppressed and oppressed.
And anger is often
the moment where
you break through
suppression and oppression.
Now, for many of
these beings, it's
a wake-up call that their
system is not safe in the way
that they thought it was.
We have to be careful here,
for there are elements
of your systems right now that
if they disappeared tomorrow,
none of you would do very well.
So it is not to villainize
the system itself.
It is to recognize the
seeds of corruption that
build the system and to see if
this is the moment in history
where Earth as a
humanity, it can
rise against that in the
various ways it's happening.
It doesn't always look like
revolution on the streets.
For many, there are
energy workers right now
who are raising frequencies
in areas they go to and visit.
So anger is very important.
It is a signal.
It should be a temporary emotion
it is not something any of you
should feel for very long.
So if you are,
however, someone who
is coming to your anger
for the first time,
it might rage through
you like a fire.
And it might take a while for
it to calm down because that
is your life force.
So anger is a warning, it is
a protector, it is a boundary.
If you can start to see it that
way, it will serve you well.
And for the many
who, right now, are
having a terrible
time in suffering
and are feeling angry
about the system that
is trying to keep
them down, that anger
is going to be fuel for
the people revolution.
And again, when we say
revolution, many of you
think of past
revolutions have seen.
This one will be
quite different.
>> REGINA: Yes.
OK.
And on the flip
side side of anger,
many people are also feeling
the feelings of helplessness,
like a true victimhood,
like this is bigger
than we can even understand.
How can we ever move against it?
So let's talk about what
happens when someone sinks
into despair and helplessness.
>> HARRIS: Well, despair as a
brief experience is important
for many of you.
It is often a place where
you eliminate sadness
from not just your
own energy field,
but sadness you have
picked up from others.
So despair and hopelessness
when you sink, what is happening
is, you are, shall
we say, overtaken
by the density of sadness,
hopelessness, and despair.
And what occurs for you
is you can no longer
reach your higher vibrations.
You can no longer reach
the higher parts of you.
So the reason some are
in despair right now
is because they are
in shock and grief
as to what they are seeing.
The reason others
are in despair right
now is because they are
buying the narrative
they are being sold.
And you can't blame
them for that.
Everybody is looking for
information right now.
The question is,
how deeply are they
looking at the information,
analyzing the information,
and feeling the information?
There are many who
are desperately
trying to cling on to anything.
And so if the information serves
their emotional resonance,
they will dive into it
hook, line, and sinker.
It is no different than getting
yourself into a relationship
and declaring to
everybody that this
is the truest love of your
life because you are having all
of the happy romance
hormones and then
two years later, you are
moving out with a black eye.
So you see, you have
to be very careful when
emotion is allowed to lead.
And there are many on the planet
right now who are in despair
because one of the mainstream
narratives that you have been
witnessing over the recent
not just past few years,
but indeed, it has been
building for decades,
is that this is what's going
to happen on the planet.
This is how you are going
to suffer because of it.
And this is the solution we are
offering you to get through it.
And not many are
asking, is this true?
Is this highly accurate?
And is the solution
the best solution
we have available to us?
So the amnesia that many
have on Earth right now
is they do not remember a time
where they were in oneness.
They remember a time where
they are in this government
formation.
And they have got used
to being told what to do,
what they're allowed.
It's no different to
the school system.
You have to behave.
You have to trust the teacher.
Well, most people are
beginning to question
what is going on on the planet.
And your mainstream media
is, we will say, insidiously
scaring you all to death.
It is doing it
insidiously because it's
peppering in enough hope,
enough entertainment
that you keep going
back to that mainstream
source of information while you
are also being indoctrinated
to believe you are doomed.
And we do not see it that way.
>> REGINA: No.
Thank you so much for that.
And then, when you get
into alternate media,
alternative media, then you have
to look at it from both sides.
It enslaves from both sides.
It's just a little
more polite language
versus recognizable language.
Both seem to lead us to
the same place of despair.
>> HARRIS: Well, you also have
to remember that many who come
here to fight the oppression--
and this is something you
and Lee were speaking
on earlier personally.
Many who come here to
fight the oppression
were the oppressors
in a prior lifetime.
So for example, someone who
is very agitated by dictators
and decides that they are here
to take down the dictator,
they quite likely were a
dictator in some way, shape,
or form in their prior life.
It doesn't mean
they ran a country.
But they may have been
dictatorial in the way
that they did not treat
the humans around them.
So they come back
for karmic balance
to help balance their own
journey and balance the planet.
It's why we say you have to be
a little careful about simply
heaping judgment on each
other because if you go back
in time far enough, you would
be a little horrified at some
of the things that you have done
at other times, other places,
and at different levels
of consciousness.
>> REGINA: So you were
on the subject of media.
So I think, let's go ahead
and continue on that.
So I was reading a document
yesterday that was released.
And there's a big thing
about Twitter here on Earth
right now that files
are being released
about information that has been
kept or spun from humanity.
And the shocking thing about
this particular article
had to do with the positioning--
this happened to be around
the subject of health, COVID,
vaccines-- but that the
companies that were positioning
these influential--
making influential positions
were children shows,
exploratory shows
on documentaries,
history, and so forth.
These mainstream outlets
that we think of as benign
and we think of as
educational actually
have been, to a good
extent, co-opted.
Can you expand on that?
>> HARRIS: Well, most who are
listening to or watching this
are quite aware of the levels
of corruption that run through
various areas of your
mainstream society.
And again, we will
go back to, this
is the time when more on the
planet will start to see this.
This will happen
for two reasons.
We will say that the moves
that are being made are bolder.
So it is a little more
in people's faces.
But also, there are
many on the planet
who are on the side of freedom
for the Earth who have even
lost faith that any new
revelations could be genuine.
There is this perception
that it's all controlled.
So there is this idea that
many have where they say,
well, this person
is being controlled,
so they're allowed to give us a
certain amount of information.
We would say, don't be so sure.
We're not saying
that doesn't exist.
But what we are saying is there
is a wealth of information that
is now coming out
that is coming out all
over the world in different
ways at different times.
And the end goal of that
is to wake up enough people
that enough people
start to question
the narrative next
time they are pushed,
and we will say
pushed, into fear.
Because if you can
get people into fear
and then offer them
solutions out of their fear--
because most people do not know
how to be with their emotions,
nor have they really stopped to
consider what life, which is,
from our perspective,
and this might
be a little cold for
some, it's a holodeck.
So you see from our vantage
point and the vantage
point of you as a soul, you
are in a holodeck simulation
experience that will not last
for that long in linear time.
And yet, the joy of this
game is to cling to it
so deeply, so
personally that when
you are asked to
fear for your life,
you will do anything
to stay on the holodeck
if you aren't paying
attention to the options
you are being given.
Now, the other side
of this is people
will often say, well,
if it's a holodeck, how
come awful things happen to
certain people on the planet?
And we are saying, yes, there
are some terrible events
that some go through.
But all of you go
through awful things.
There is not one person
on the planet who does not
go through some
level of suffering
on Earth because
suffering is one
of the frequencies on Earth.
And it will not
change until there
is a radical overhaul of the
consciousness of the planet.
And that's the journey
that you are all
moving through right now.
>> REGINA: Thank you.
The holodeck, the notion of
a holodeck, a lot of people
find themselves feeling
disempowered at the notion
that this is a holodeck.
But when we stop and consider
that we are non-material
by nature, you can
see us, there's
no there there, a few atoms
swirling about in space.
And then, it makes
sense to understand
that these thought
forms we create,
these frequencies
were bathed in do
create essentially a holodeck.
And that's nothing
to be afraid of,
it's just living in this
dimensional frequency.
>> HARRIS: Yes.
And we will go one step further.
If you were what we would call
a very high-frequency planet
and a very high-frequency
race and it was determined
that for the balance
of you as a race
and for the balance
of the planet,
you all needed to ground a
bit more, rather than having
cannelers or voices of
spirit that you connect
with in yourself, you would
have people teaching you
how to judge, how to hate,
how to bring the level down.
Now, we are not
saying that you have
to judge your hate to
bring the level down,
there are other ways to do it.
But our point to you is, you
are not a planet right now
that needs to go backwards.
You are a planet that
needs to include the higher
dimensions, which is why when
we say a holodeck, because
from our perspective that is
how we see it-- and we can be,
as you might say, that clinical
about it because we are not
in a human body right now,
although that's arguable
because we are halfway into
his body at this point.
But our point to
you is, it's not
that you have to not see
humanity or Earth as real.
But it is that you mustn't
see it as the only real thing.
It's being able to
move your eyes around.
So today, I am seeing this
from a higher perspective.
Tomorrow, I might be
in despair because I
need to burn off some sadness.
But I'm never going to forget
that the other dimensions
of existence and seeing
and being aren't within me.
>> REGINA: And so before we get
into the whole notion of how
we're using crystalline
structures within the Earth
and their auric fields, I would
like you to explain a bit more
about the Earth's other
dimensions because we tend
to think of Earth as just this
dimension we're experiencing
rather than it as a being in
its full multidimensionality
as well.
So if you could tell us what
say the next finer frequency
dimensions would
look like or be like
or how they would function
from your perspective,
tell us about Earth from
a higher-dimensional look.
>> HARRIS: Well, to do that,
we first want to take you
into the Earth, so into
the center of the Earth.
And we will describe
it this way.
The center of your Earth
is more of a mirror
and more of a portal
than many would perceive
it to be, meaning the very
center of your Earth, the core,
has connections
galactically to so many
other places,
planets, dimensions.
It is not solid the way
many may perceive it to be.
It is highly, highly active,
the center of your Earth.
It is very electrical.
And because of that, it is able
to connect across time, space,
matter and move.
So if we were to give you
a very human example of it,
we could say, well, the
center of your Earth
is a teleportation station.
And you can teleport from
the very center of your Earth
to other places, to other
universes, to other times.
That is the best
way we can describe
to you what elementally
is taking place
in the center of your Earth.
So when you realize that
therefore, your gravity
has to be very
pinned in, we often
refer to this as programming.
You all have human programming.
Your society has been
programmed to some degree
to hold you on the
surface of the Earth.
You often think that the
gravity is coming from above,
that you had to drop
from above and you
had to land into the Earth.
But you are actually being
pulled down by the Earth
as well as activated by
the Earth at the same time.
Many of you are
aware that the energy
of the inside of the
Earth is actually
what is causing the shift in
consciousness on your planet
right now.
It reverberates up
through the surface
and moves through your bodies.
But equally, you
are being pulled
toward the center of the Earth.
So no wonder being human
feels so discombobulating
because you are far more
in movement than any of you
have ever been
allowed to understand.
And that is why so many
of you, when you reconnect
to your spirit, your higher
self, your guide team,
or whatever it is that puts
you into that place where
you are expanded again, suddenly
it makes more sense to you.
And most of you can't
and won't maintain it.
For example, Lee shared his
personal awakening story
in 2019, the latest one he had.
He can't stay there
because that's not his job.
He could have left.
That was one of his exit points.
But he chose to stay.
And he chose to come back.
And he chose to double down.
And the gravity of the
Earth welcomed him back
once his soul had made
the decision to stay.
So we have gone a little
off from the question
that you originally asked,
but it felt important
for us to share that
piece in response
to the words you gave us.
>> REGINA: That's OK.
Oh, my goodness.
And now, I could go
in 1,000 directions.
A glimpse of what
the dimension beyond,
in the finer frequency range,
where we are right now,
the dimension above,
a glimpse of what life
is like there, how it expresses.
>> HARRIS: Well, the thing we
will say to you is twofold.
At this moment in time, you
are centering what some of you
would call the fourth
dimension on Earth
with options to go into
the fifth and the third.
So you can go a
little up and down.
And when we say
you are centering,
we mean that is
mainstream consciousness.
So mainstream consciousness
is far more fourth dimensional
than most of you yet understand
because the language is
taking time to catch up.
People are having mystical,
unexplainable experiences
that they have been trained to
not speak to each other about.
They have been trained through
use of taboo, manipulation,
and in certain
periods of history,
let's burn those witches so they
don't talk about these things.
And of course, that
was just a great way
to get rid of powerful women.
We will say that the
fourth-dimensional experiences
that many are having
on Earth is what
makes this time so different.
Unfortunately,
many tend to think
the reason they feel so strange
about the world is because
of what they see
going on outside them.
They don't realize
what's going on inside
them also does not match up
to where they were anymore.
So fourth dimension is
the norm at this point.
And we see by 2030,
there is the potential
that the fifth could
begin to ground.
If things do not go
at the same speed,
it would ground by
approximately 2040,
but no later because it simply
won't be possible for it
to take longer than that.
So life at the
next level for many
or for those who live
in the fifth dimension,
we will say love and
harmony are very present.
It doesn't mean that
you don't occasionally
run into areas where love
or harmony are not the norm,
but you are not dragged
out of love and harmony
because you encounter them.
So there are many
today who are living
in the most compassionate state
that they are loving, for they
are no longer knocked off
center by the bruises and wounds
that humans like to throw
around in order to check,
are we connected?
Let's try connecting
through heartbreak.
Oh, good, now I feel connected.
What they don't
know is the kicker
is going to come in six months
time when heartbreak is not
a sustainable connection point.
So we can go on
if you wish us to.
>> REGINA: No, no.
I mean, yes, I would love to.
If we had a three-hour show,
we'd go down every road.
But since we don't, thank you so
much for at least explaining up
to the fifth, that we're
looking at our potential
certainly by 2040 of moving
to a more homeostasis of love
and harmony.
And that's beautiful.
>> HARRIS: And we will clarify
that not every single member
of the population has to be
in that position for it to be
the dominant theme.
>> REGINA: OK, wonderful.
I want to talk about
the exit points
because is I found a
really interesting portion
of your work with Lee.
And also you just mentioned
that Lee could have left
during that experience in 2019.
>> HARRIS: Yes, he
did not know that.
>> REGINA: Yes.
And one of the things I
learned in this particular book
was that we may have as
many as 100 different exit
points, when I had previously
believed we had a few.
Some people believe there's
only one and it's set.
So can you tell us how fluid
our life and our connection
to our physical really is?
>> HARRIS: Yes.
So exit points is a
concept that we gave to Lee
approximately a decade ago.
And we noticed when
we gave him that, it
opened his frequency fast.
So it is something that we
have been speaking about more
liberally because it tends to
wake you up and put you back
in the present moment and
make you remember that life is
a gift and it is not promised.
So exit points are periods
of time in your life--
they may last for 10 minutes,
they may last for 10 days--
where you and your soul
have the opportunity
to take you off planet.
So for example,
there are some of you
who have had
near-death experiences.
There are some of you who
have come back from those
and have chosen to come back.
But you were very clear
it was an exit point.
And that is similar to what
Lee went through in Costa Rica.
The other side of
this is your soul
and you get the opportunity
to decide if it is
pertinent for you to carry on.
So if an exit point was
hanging around you for 10 days,
you might not be feeling
great when this happens.
But equally, you could be
feeling higher than ever.
You could be feeling
happier than ever,
like you've accomplished
more in your life
than you ever possibly knew.
And at that moment,
there is a window of time
where your soul, without your
human necessarily understanding
what's going on, is
in negotiation to ask,
is this the right
time for you to die?
And this is the piece that many
people don't quite understand.
Your death is never
just about you, ever.
Your death is perfectly
timed for the group
that are left behind.
And yes, we know some of you
like to never see other humans
and shut yourself
away in the house.
Even you, your death
and your energy field
disappearing from that house
at the end of the street
that you never leave is
going to vibrationally affect
not only that whole
street, but your area.
You see, you all have
an incredible part
to play in the
energy grid that you
hold while you are incarnate.
And of course, if
you have loved ones,
how they are affected by
your death and the timing
of the death is
key because death
creates a ripple of awakening.
It wakes up everyone near to it.
Even if grief is the
dominant experience
that you are distracted
by, remember, grief
is a transformational energy.
And when you get close
to a death window,
you return to the place
of your birth, which
is the moment where you
came back to the Earth
and agreed to forget where
you had just come from.
So death energy is very potent.
And exit windows are things
that are actually pre-programmed
for you throughout your life.
So some might decide their life
might go as long as 100 years.
And they are going
to plot 25 exit
points through their journey.
And those exit
points will activate
when they complete certain
themes or levels of their life.
So for example, you had to
come to Earth to forgive.
Oh, good.
By the age of 42,
you've figured that out.
You now know how to forgive.
Good.
Let's wheel an exit
point in and see
if you want to keep
playing the game
or if this is the
time for you to go.
So there are those
among you who know
exactly what we are talking
about because you feel it
when it's happening.
There are, and Lee has
been in this situation too,
where you feel that things
are perhaps just a little
too permeable in your
life and you aren't
quite sure what's going on.
So we always say, if ever
you get that feeling,
you don't need to go into fear.
But you may need to
have the awareness
to say, ah, I just had a strange
vision of me having a car
accident.
And I'm driving
down the freeway.
I am going to intend,
I am going to be safe,
I am going to drive well,
I am not going to
have any accident.
And you may even want to pull
over or change the route.
So we always say, if you are
cognizant of your exit windows,
you have a choice.
So allow yourself
to be involved.
>> REGINA: Thank you.
That I think that's very
empowering for many people
listening to this.
And it certainly was for me.
And on a personal level,
I think I've already
had quite a few exit points.
But if I may ask, I was tumbling
underneath the Truckee River
when I was 26 years old,
it's all a blackout.
I don't know how I lived.
I don't know how I ended up
popping up somewhere downriver
with amnesia, basically.
Can you tell me what
actually happened?
I went underwater
and that was it.
I thought I was dead.
>> HARRIS: We can
tell you two things.
And we will disclose
some personal things
about you, which if you do not
want them left in the show,
you can always
edit them out, ha.
You are a tricky one when
it comes to being on Earth
because you are
crystalline in nature.
It is why you do the
job you do and it is why
you have the mission you have.
And of course, like
many who tune in to you,
you don't always love
what's going on Earth,
even though you have cultivated
a very strong and resilient way
of approaching life
with not naive optimism,
but a certain level of
optimism that you are here
for a journey of
growth and change.
So you are, shall
we say, on the Earth
in that level of consciousness.
But your body has
always been something
that you weren't 100% sure was
actually attached to your soul.
So you have an experience where
you can speak to your body
and you can ask your
body to do things.
But most other people are
actually a little more twinned
with their body.
And there is more
of, or we should
say, less of a gap
between the instruction
to the body of what
the body needs to do.
Whereas you are almost
6 feet above your body
telling it what to do and
telling it how to go places.
And you do enjoy the
physical things about life.
And that is good.
But you've had to cultivate
a special relationship
with your own body.
So what we will tell
you about the exit point
you describe in your
20s, that was your 17th.
And that was a ferocious
period for you.
Your life pre-40 has been
a lot more challenging
than your life post 40.
And that is saying something,
for you, like all on Earth,
are going through all kinds
of different challenges
right now around the
identity you thought you had,
where you find yourself.
That specific death
was actually a rebirth.
So I was wondering for
water to rebirth your soul.
You were born with
a particular level
of courage, which is required
for the job that you do.
You were born with a alignment
to truth and the courage
to push through barriers and
people that might be stopping
you from getting there.
And you had to learn to be
a little more considerate.
You had to learn to be a
little more mindful of people's
feelings in your earlier life.
Not that you weren't
compassionate in your heart,
but you didn't always
understand the ripple effect
your courage and your
power could have on others.
And as you grew,
you understood that.
But this was the beginning
of that understanding.
This late 20s moment
for you was you
agreeing to come back and
live an even more human life
after that point.
And that rebirth in cold water
was very important for you
because it shocked
your electrical system,
and it actually rewired you
into your body in a deeper way
than you had ever been before,
which is, in some ways,
strange because you were
a physical young person.
You were someone who had an
alignment with physicality.
You were not someone
who was afraid of being
physical in the body.
But when you were
in that alignment,
it was how you felt
connected to your body.
And that is often
the case of people
who need to, we shall
say, be very sporty, very
active, it is often the way
they are keeping themselves
in a body that
they sometimes feel
a little disconnected from.
But that was your water rebirth
and that was a turning point
for you in your future.
And you started to spiritually
align in a deeper way
after that point.
You were following your path
in a more, shall we say,
human way up to then.
>> REGINA: Yes.
I would say that is true.
Very good.
Well, thank you so much for that
elucidation on that experience.
And also, I hope some
people have found themselves
in this as well.
Because again, you said that
was the 17th exit point.
I think I was always trying
to get out of the body.
>> HARRIS: Yes, but you only had
three that were dramatic like
that.
>> REGINA: Yes
and several since.
So thank you.
Final thoughts
that you would like
us to know before we depart
from this conversation?
This has been very
powerful well.
>> HARRIS: Well, a couple
of different things.
We are remembrance chamber.
And our job is to activate
remembrance in all of you.
And our job is completely
personal to you.
Obviously, we have
a contract with Lee.
And Lee has a contract with us.
And there is that side of it.
But when we are emitting
what we are emitting,
it is not important
that you agree with us,
that you align with us.
It is not important.
And there will be
certain things we
say that you will not
align with, even if others,
you really do.
Our job is not to tell
you what's happening.
Our job is to help you
remember what's happening.
Because everything that's
playing out on Earth
right now is scripted.
You are actually on an
ancient loop on Earth.
The difference is, Earth
has never looked like this.
And Earth's position
galactically,
meaning how close it is to the
galactic boundary being broken
is very unique.
And certainly, for
many of you who
have gone through multiple
cycles of lifetimes on Earth,
the reason many of you
feel nervous at a time
like this is not because
of what you are being told
or what you are fearing
is going to happen.
You are nervous because you
are going to spiritually die.
Why do you think so many of you
are fixated on death right now?
Why do you think it's
all over your world?
Why do you think people
are afraid of it?
We say good, you're going to
die, what a beautiful release,
you will be shocked how
wonderful actual death is
for you.
Once you have left your body.
So we are never worried
about that for you.
But your spiritual death
is a different matter.
If consciousness
is rising and you
are dying to the old
consciousness in yourself
that you were, this
makes you nervous.
Why?
Many of you have
done a lot of work
on creating a grounded, wide
vessel in which your energy
field can thrive on Earth.
So the idea that it might be
taken from you or destabilize
makes some of you nervous.
So we want you to just
consider this idea
that you are facing, over
the next decade or two,
a form of spiritual death of
what you thought Earth was
and how you feel about it.
And hear us not through your
mind with that sentence.
Because if you hear us
through your mind, many of you
will go, oh, yes,
well, I've known
this is coming for 30, 40 years,
and I've been waiting for it.
No, no, you're not hearing us.
That's mental.
You're hearing information
and you're nodding your head.
It's your energy
field that is going
to have to go through this.
Your mind is documenting
past and potential future
information.
Your energy field is going
to have to go through this.
So from our perspective,
what you are all in right
now is a spiritual
death and rebirth
cycle that is very intense
for you, very potent.
But, and we have
said this all along,
the gifts, the love,
the harmony, the power
that you will access, the
connection that you will access
is unlike anything you've
accessed on Earth before.
So you might say, so we have to
take the rough with a smooth.
And we would say, you
have to release the rough
as you go to the smooth.
And many of you are made
up of events on Earth
that are not high frequency.
And so because you have ingested
those, and in many cases
you have even formed your
personality around some
of those things, you now have to
let them come out of your body.
And so it will
happen in two ways.
It will happen simply on
a cosmic, mystical level.
You will have your own
series of awakenings.
You will have your
own revelations.
You will have your own visions.
And then, it will happen
on a mirror reality level.
Something will
happen outside you
that will trigger a response.
Somebody dies is a
good example of this.
It triggers a response in
you because what's actually
happening when that
person leaves the planet,
you are having to
reorganize your inner self
on a molecular, emotional,
and psychological level
because you were tethered to
them in some mirroring way.
And now, they cannot play
that in the physical.
So what does it do?
It completely upends
and rearranges you.
This is why we call grief
the great transformer.
So we understand that
grief, for many of you,
is an undesirable state.
We would say it's
the way through.
So there will be some grief
in the years and the decades
to come.
And planetary grief
is going to be
something you will deal with.
But it's not
something that should
make you hide in your
house it's something
that should make you recognize
rebirth is taking place.
And we will close with this.
It is very easy to listen to
even a conversation like this
that is taking in high
frequency but is addressing
low frequencies on the planet
and to not feel uplifted.
Sometimes you can.
But other people will not.
Things may have been named
in this conversation that
make them uncomfortable.
We have said this to you before,
and we must reiterate it again,
we know that many
of you are worried
that you are under control.
You are not controllable.
And you may argue that
because you will say, well,
how come there are
pockets on Earth right now
where we are seeing
control or there
are whole countries who are far
more controlled than others?
We understand it exists.
And we also
understand that there
are movements in place for it
to become more overarching.
And we know that
brings you fear.
But you as a race
simply are not allowed
to be controlled on
levels of consciousness.
So we want you to remember
your power as a people.
We know it is hard in the
dark nights or moments.
But it is your power as a
people and a group consciousness
and a sharing,
caring community that
is not only going to pull
you all through this period
of time, but is
going to contribute
toward the destabilization and
annihilation of certain groups
who would rather see you
living in a more inhumane, more
held down way.
So it's a rocky road you
are in right now for sure.
But we want to remind you, you
are not just here on a holodeck
walking through some script
that's already decided for you
and the ending isn't good.
If you feel that and you
think that, we truly need you
to wake up because
otherwise, you
will agree to the
disempowering end
that you are
forecasting for yourself
and that certain others
would like to convince
you is where things are going.
If nothing else, ask
yourself, why am I here?
What am I here to do?
How can I influence what's
going on this planet?
And don't judge the answer.
If sitting at home by yourself
meditating for the next 10
years is how you do it, great.
If writing some book is
how you do it, great.
It doesn't matter the form.
The intention is everything.
>> REGINA: Absolutely beautiful.
In summary, we have each other.
And we're also
mirrors for each other
when we're starting
to break through.
And we can see this
in one another.
And we should herald that and
respect one another for it.
It sounds like as humanity,
we can be tricked,
but we can't truly be
controlled in the truest sense
of the word.
>> HARRIS: Yes.
And community, as you
have just said, is key.
So stay close to your
chosen communities
and be willing to outreach and
include others in the years
to come.
You will all need each other,
but you will all be stronger
because of each other.
>> REGINA: Yes.
Thank you so much, a lot
of absolutely necessary
conversation here today.
>> HARRIS: In peace and
in love to you, Regina,
and all of your dear people, ha.
>> REGINA: And love back.
[LAUGHS] I just started
laughing during some of it.
Just what a wonderful,
wild, direct ride.
Thank you for being here and
for not quitting the channeling
thing.
Because I talked to you
through the years many times,
I'm really done, this
time I'm really done.
I'm glad you're not done yet.
>> HARRIS: I'm glad too.
>> REGINA: That was beautiful.
Thank you, Lee.
Any thoughts of your
own now, not the Z's,
coming through that
you would like to share
from the human realm?
>> HARRIS: It's interesting
because I think our biggest
challenge-- and I hear this in
people, I see this in people,
I feel this.
And then, I go through
my own layers of it.
I think our biggest
challenge is, are we OK
with what we can
see as going on.
And I don't mean are
we fundamentally OK
that this is the way
we want things to go.
But how can we navigate
knowing this is a transition?
And that's so
important because I
have seen people lose their
way, their faith, their hope.
And there is a
stage of grief that
happens for you
when you first start
to learn a lot of this stuff.
But there is also an
incredible strength.
And I'm really
seeing it in people.
I'm really seeing people who
I would never have thought
would either be talking
about this kind of stuff
or having experiences
they're having, I'm really
seeing that happen.
And the Z's have told me
for years that would happen.
But there's always
a delay between what
they tell me is coming
and me actually as a human
being able to go, I'm
actually seeing this now.
So I always like that.
So yeah, I think
hold on to our hats.
But more importantly, hold
on to and nurture our hearts.
And find the people where our
hearts can resonate and grow
and be OK with some of the
changes that so many of us
are being asked to go through
right now because there are
relationship changes, people
are moving in different ways
together in the ocean.
And that's as it's meant to be.
>> REGINA: Yeah, and love,
back to the frequency of love.
Find your little love
spot, your sweet spot.
I have often said to
people, who loves you?
Then go there now.
That's the best place to go.
Go where you're loved
and where you feel love.
Because many people are new
to some of these concepts.
I've been with them
for a long time,
so I've been swimming these
waters and can laugh about them
and find it just
outrageous and get mad
and then say, OK, I'm
picking up that sword.
You're not getting
away with this.
And so you have to
go through all of it.
>> HARRIS: You
made a good point.
So I have a term that I use
when I see something else
going on in the game on Earth.
And it's those F-ers.
I use the word,
but it's actually--
and it's brief,
doesn't last long.
But you are also allowed
to be annoyed and to be--
I think we have to allow
the spectrum of emotion.
But it's interesting,
the Z's were
quite clear about
that, don't let
your emotions drive the car.
>> REGINA: Exactly.
Thank you so much, my dear.
I can't wait until next time.
And I'm going to press
them again to say, OK,
are you ready to tell us
the rest of that story?
>> HARRIS: Great I'll
look forward to it.
>> REGINA: OK.
The name of the book is
"Conversations with the Z's--
Book Two."
To learn more about the
Z's transmissions and Lee's
workshops, you can go
to leeharrisenergy.com
You can also go to one
of my several interviews
with Lee and the Z from
the past here on Gaia
to get a little bit more of
a portrait of how they see us
on Earth.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[THEME MUSIC]